.\" ========================
.\" =====    ===============
.\" ======  ================
.\" ======  ================
.\" ======  ====   ====   ==
.\" ======  ===     ==  =  =
.\" ======  ===  =  ==     =
.\" =  ===  ===  =  ==  ====
.\" =  ===  ===  =  ==  =  =
.\" ==     =====   ====   ==
.\" ========================
.\"
.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2022 Joe
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the organization nor the
.\"    names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
.\"    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY JOE ''AS IS'' AND ANY
.\" EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
.\" WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
.\" DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JOE BE LIABLE FOR ANY
.\" DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
.\" (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
.\" ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" go2work: man/go2work.1
.\" Tue Apr  5 11:05:18 CEST 2022
.\" Joe
.\"
.\" Manpage for go2work
.\" Contact bousset.rudy@gmail.com to correct errors and typos
.\"
.de Text
.nop \)\\$*
..
.
.
.TH go2work 1 "04 April 2022" "go2work 1.0.0"
.
.
.SH NAME
.B go2work
\- command\-line alarm clock
.
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY go2work
.RB [ \-hHtv ]
.I time
.YS
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.B go2work
program alows you to set an alarm clock in the next
24 hours. The given
.I time
must be in 24 hours format. When the time has come, a configurable audio file
will be played by a configurable program.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print brief usage informations to standard output and exit.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-real\-help\fR
Print the real usage informations to standard output and exit.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-test\fR
Run a test alarm 3 seconds into the future. This option is recommanded to
make sure that the given configuration is safe.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version informations to the standard output and exit.
.SH FILES
These are the configuration files path
.B go2work
is looking for in descending order of imortance:
.PP
.RS
$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/go2work/go2work.toml
.RE
.PP
.RS
$HOME/.config/go2work/go2work.toml
.RE
.PP
.RS
/usr/local/etc/go2work/go2work.toml
.RE
.PP
When none of these are found,
.B go2work
will fall back to default settings. Unless the
.B DESTDIR
(default:
.IR /usr/local )
makefile variable wasn't changed upon building, default
.I ringtones
wav files,
.I LICENSE
and
.I README
can be found in this directory:
.PP
.RS
/usr/local/share/go2work
.RE
.SH BUG REPORT
Please note that
.B go2work
was tested only on FreeBSD and Linux at the moment. macOS is not supported
but should work just fine. You can report any bug at
.I bousset.rudy@gmail.com
or on GitHub at
.IR https://github.com/JozanLeClerc/go2work/issues .
.
.SH AUTHORS
Joe <bousset.rudy@gmail.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR mpv (1),
.IR fortune (1)
.\" vim: set filetype=groff:
